Symbol of mobile power, or readily accessible assets.  Clearly define your desire, and carefully seek foresight and wisdom.   This could signify wealth and possessions, or self-rule and the growth of will.   Enjoy good fortune if you now have it, but remember to share it, for only by nourishing others can you be truly nourished.This is the energy of the Primal Source, the original procreation.  It symbolizes growth and transformation.  The life you have been living is due for major change.  This is not a Rune of ending, but is instead a Rune of new beginnings.  There may be darkness, but it is that of a tunnel leading to a new life.  The light will be brighter at the end.  Prepare for an opportunity disguised as a loss.There is work to be done, both within yourself and without, however there is need for caution.  Do not act impulsively, or without knowledge.  Beware of the potential results of your words and deeds. Know that waiting may be just the right action to take.  If you wait, remove resistance while waiting.  You may be ready to contact the Divine, for this power can lead to evolution and regeneration.  This is a strong erotic power, which can be channeled into other types of energy.  You can now see that which is hidden inside, and know that in so doing, you will be doing the right action.This is the sovereign divine conscious power of the god Odhinn.  It can symbolize new life and inspiration, or promise intellectual gifts or the linguistic gifts of oratory or poetry.  This Rune can symbolize a teacher or a priest. A connection with the Divine, or the inner self, may be at hand.This may portend a journey, either physical or spiritual, or it may signal a change in a relationship or your domestic situation.   It can symbolize a person in the fields of law and justice on one hand, or travel and transportation on the other.   Justice can be expected, but remember that we are not intended to rely on our power alone.  Ask guidance from the Divine, and know that you will be led to the right action.This is the Rune of creation, symbolizing light breaking through to dispel the clouds.   It is the fire of inspiration and creativity, of the hearth, the forge and the altar.  This Rune can symbolize an artist, or crafts person.  Through awareness of the fires light, understanding comes to you and enables you to spread light and understanding to others.  This can portend a change, a transformation, perhaps a child.Be prepared to be generous, and to accept the generosity of others.  You may receive spiritual or a material gift, or the gift of another's heart.   If a union is at hand, keep part of yourself separate.  You should both maintain your own identities.  It can represent someone in a service industry, or someone who works for a charitable or ecological organization.This Rune promises harmony, (personal, domestic and social.) Physical health is either promised, or needs to be attended to.   This is a time for new friendships and social (non-sexual) relationships.  This may be a time for you to reap the harvest of earlier efforts.  Knowledge matures into understanding.  Through new clarity existing ambitions, goals or plans may be seen as less desirable than they appeared with a more limited understanding.There is a need to break free from constraints, and prepare for a change in your life or your situation.  There are some things beyond your control, and there may be strife and turmoil coming into your life.  It signals a need to re-focus your life, aligning it with mythic models.  Though this Rune has only an upright position, it operates through reversal.  You may feel as though you are waking from a long sleep and take some time to come to your full senses.  There may be a loss before there is a great gain.  This Rune may symbolize a magician, sorcerer, mystic, witch, mage or priest.There is stress, but it can be turned into strength.  Restraint is called for.  There will be holdups, and the need to reconsider your plans carefully.   Original thought, creativity and self-reliance could see you through a difficult time.   Try to restore harmony in your life, but if you cannot, at least strive for balance.  There is an indication of extreme passion in a love affair (torrid romance or major crisis.)  This Rune can symbolize a menial worker, a laborer or farmer, or it can stand for a magician or mage.Winter has come upon you, chilling your spirit.  Difficult situations must be managed through your own inner resources, since you can expect no help from outside yourself.  You seem to be in stasis, locked in ice, and unable to move. Any major accomplishment is unlikely now.   Concentrate on keeping up, not trying to get ahead.   There may be some outdated habit or idea that you need to relinquish, so that the thaw will follow.  This Rune may symbolize a rogue, a mystic, a scoundrel, a corpse, or the spirit of one already crossed over into the Summerlands.Beneficial rewards will be the result of whatever endeavor you have undertaken in love and honor.  Justice will prevail, and virtue will be rewarded.   Have patience, however, since it may take time for results to appear.  A span of time is always involved.   No farmer can rush his harvest by tugging on the young shoots.   This Rune can symbolize a farmer, or someone involved in finance (a banker, stockbroker, etc.)This is the symbol of Yggdrasil, the world tree, with its roots in the earth and its branches in the heavens.  It promises mental and spiritual growth and development.  You may seem to be powerless, but you must be tough, disciplined and flexible.  Patience is called for, and waiting may be the most desirable action.    Seek independence from the routine of your regular life, so that you may grow in diversity and wisdom.  This Rune may symbolize a mage or a mystic.This Rune promises joyful changes and good surprises.  This is a lucky Rune to draw, since it portends joy and harmony.  It portends good fellowship and happiness, akin to the camaraderie of the German beer halls.  It may represent an entertainer, a musician, or a bard.This Rune is a two-edged sword, and can bode danger for anyone other than an experienced or gifted Vitki, or Rune Mage.   One should not try to grasp this sword, but to become one with it.  Brains, not brawn, will serve you well in problems faced at this time.  This Rune generally does not signify persons, but rather divine or spiritual beings and/or forces.  It can foretell an awakening of craft and cunning in the individual.What you strive to be, you already are.  You are receiving good counsel, and this is a time for good hope.  It promises good fortune in any journey, especially one over water.  This is the time for recharging and regenerating yourself.  If you must retreat from pressing situations, make it a retreat in strength, not weakness.    Let the Sun illuminate the secrets you hid even from yourself.    This Rune may symbolize a sailor, a traveler or a teacher.This is the Rune of faith, truth, trust, loyalty and devotion, summed up by the old word troth.  You can expect justice, especially if you base your actions on well thought out plans.  The path to enlightenment may lead through self-sacrifice.  If you have dark corners, clean them out now.    If you need help to cleanse the corners, seek an expert.  Only then can the harvest ripen.  If you evidence "troth," you can expect it in return.  This Rune may signify a scientist, philosopher or scholar.This is a Rune which promises prosperity, fertility, productivity and beauty.  It may portend new elements of excitement being introduced into a romantic or erotic relationship.  Look for tranquil growth and spiritual development within the framework of tradition.  It represents the Divine Feminine, the female force.  Thus, it can represent a virgin, a mother or a whore.  It stands for all the complexities of the Maiden, the Mother and the Crone.This is the Rune of teamwork, harmony and cooperation.  This unity of work and ideal does not require the sacrifice of individuality.  It can portend a time of transition and physical shifts.  Steady growth and development slowly grow into rich accomplishments.  Face the future with confident expectation that all will be well.  This Rune can represent a partner, either in business or in romance.This is the Rune of Mankind, standing in all his glory, warts and all.  It stands for nobility and depravity, charity and cruelty.  In short, it stands for Man.  It can portend a newfound clarity of vision, and a willingness to change is effective now.  It can stand for a new awakening into the light of your higher self.  Become right with yourself first, then you can get right with others.  While this Rune can represent any human being at all, it most often stands for a seeker after wisdom.This may portend difficult tests ahead.  It is time to reorganize yourself, and realign your priorities.  This may be a time of dramatic changes.   Trust your intuition and success will follow.  Practice self-control, and strive for Moderation in All Things.  There may be a feeling of being out of control, but do not fear your journey at this time.  Immerse yourself in the experience of "being", without trying to measure, evaluate or understand the mystical experiences you may have.  Personal growth will come, even though through uncomfortable situations.  This Rune represents a sailor, a lawyer, or a fisherman.Now is the time of great inner strength, rest, and internal growth.  This is a time to bring projects already started to completion before beginning anything new.  Be patient, since projects and ideas are in a time of deep gestation, and need inner stillness to grow to maturity before the butterfly emerges from the chrysalis.  Movement may cause you to free yourself from a rut in your life, but be cautious.  Avoid unnecessary turmoil.  This Rune may signify a priest or a farmer.This Rune generally signifies a major breakthrough in overcoming an obstacle or in achieving a goal.  It can indicate the achievement of an archetypal awareness, often seen as spontaneous inspiration.  This is the sign of the Day, indicating a new awakening, moving from the dark to the light.  While you can be confident of the right outcome of major undertakings, the outcome is not always predictable.   Seek the ideal, setting your standards at the highest level.  This portends growth, transformation and maturity.   If followed by the blank Rune, Odhinn's Rune, the transformation may be so total as to portend a death, a successful conclusion to your passage.  This Rune represents the true seeker.This is the Rune of stability and prosperity.   It portends unity and harmony in the household; a time of domestic tranquility.   It can also portend a new and better home, or allegiance to a new and higher cause.  There may be fear involved, since to secure these ends it might be necessary for you to give up old ideas or habits.  It is time for the snake to shed its skin so that it can grow.  This Rune may represent a leader or even a whole group of people who will be in harmony with you.This is the blank Rune, symbolizing the unknowable and the unseen.  This indicates a crucial time, a time when decisions must be made.  It may be time to take a great leap of faith, to leap over the side of the cliff of doubt into the void of the unknown.  Do so with perfect love and perfect faith.  What beckons is the creative power of the unknown.  The void existed at the beginning of time and will be there in the end, with nothing remaining.  This does not symbolize a person, but rather is representative of the highest spiritual influences.